Backend add git pre commit hook (#32)
openfun/warren: README.md

the recommandations from our
[handbook](https://handbook.openfun.fr).

> You can ensure your code is compliant by running the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can ensure your code is compliant by running the following commands:

```

- `make lint` to run the linters
- `make test` to run the tests

> A git pre commit hook is available and can be installed using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that we also provide a git pre-commit hook to ease your life:

```
